hello everyone
kettler and today I want to show you
such small tutors
how to make a circle in minecraft
we used to use a print which
formed suite in squares we
now he's stavra
equalizer yes and it became bad
so do not forget that there is also
programs on the Internet that allow
see us and programs called
photo photo cube
but i an't kensu merchants and see if
Well, for example, I wonder how to build
the ball, then this is all print
here I download no I do not know how to do
I'm just a Kraft virus and half
half mikecroft half site all
so I do not I do not advise to swing
because I have not tested it yet
be bad well you see here u so here and
all grams circled look good and we
can we take this like that
start from the beginning so
wait here when it will be and 1toy here I am
one push
remember one building this here then
build like this like this like this like this
well and gradually turn it all into a ball
and in general, that there is no more Th
tell see
let's choose another shape for example
here look it build seems to me
highly
shaft even u so here and should build
bagel this to something else then what
then look how it all the same
build
vittel you are an idiot and this is how to build
Well, here is such a fucking I can not you
tell him to see how she is
Still, she built devices
gradually from the inside and
from it can be obtained then
watch and read do not clean anything yes
simple and flattened so we it well,
so we shift the bias of August you can
see how it is done
coin in general, then in general it is not mine
none of my business how will you build so
ok if you liked the video and
want to see more of these tutorials
videos then subscribe to the channel
put likes like comments
call friends and with you was keter all
good luck everyone bye